hello everyone this is profitable buns
and as always I have my amazing fiancé
by my side hello everyone and we are
back with another unbelie-- today we
will be doing fentiman botanically
brewed beverages yeah where did you find
out about the string club I found out
about this drink on Twitter through
Suzie she's Mortimer she's Aaron
Hanson's wife from game grumps and Jamie
can you can't give me that's right
channel um and she was drinking fentiman
curiosity Cola and it did pique my
curiosity because I wanted to know what
it was about uh and so he wants him yes
uh now uh did did you get the drinks you
said you're eating at the jinx one
minute guys Kelly I forgot the drinks
what am I an amateur amateur Howard edgy
all right listen you we've done this
like what twice now give me the drinks
where are they huh use you there under
you know I don't see anything where the
drinks go it up get up wait digi please
please a G does that really all I have
to do is just say please oh thanks wait
jeez wait what you thought you could
hide this from me secret drink location
do not lose barn of course it's always
in the barn
sneaky sneaky baby okay well after that
drama I got them now I think I'll hold
this one you can hold this one here so
this is the curiosity Cola that weasel
found and there's this other flavor that
sounded really interesting to you and
with that one though this is dandelion
and verdict now these are non-alcoholic
beverages they really are sodas yes they
are so this um we did have to buy them
at a store that sells on alcoholic
beverages respects and in order to even
enter that store you need to be 21 or
older yes now these are the only things
that we bought when we went there and
they still ID'd us yeah but there are
other places that sell them on Fenton's
website they have a different places
that you can buy and I know that there's
like world market some village stores so
on ya like like fancy fancy stores I'm
sure a trader joes would have it not a
Walmart essentially um target maybe one
day but I don't think that was on the
list no it was nonetheless but anyways
we do have the website pulled up here I
just wanted to read what they say on
this now these are fence mins and they
are the best botanically brewed
beverages with a question mark fence
offensive and making natural botanical
drinks or over 100 years rnt our
artesian drinks are brewed for seven
days using the time-honored botanical
brewing process I have no idea what that
means the result is superior drink that
tastes simply delicious and the drinks
that they have they have a whole bunch
of them and these are all their sodas
they're soft drinks yeah they have the
traditional ginger beer a rose lemonade
sparkling lime and jasmine a wild
English elderflower Island senator
Lincoln dandelion and burdock curiosity
Cola does it say that we have the
Mandarin and sub Seville Seville orange
jiggler Victorian lemonade cherry cola
which sounds really good to me and a
lemon
ND like something a pirate good drink
now they have a whole bunch of other
drink mixers pre-mixed alcoholic
beverages craft beer we're not really
into that and that's not what we're
going to be doing on this channel so
yeah so we bought these we have no idea
what they taste like they seem really
interesting they also have like some
writing on the packaging themselves
after a fellow tradesman wellish on a
loan iron puddler thomas fentiman found
himself in possession of a secret
process for being a smashingly good
ginger beer his quintessentially British
beverages quickly became I don't know
why I emphasize something quickly became
one of Europe's most renowned everv
essent refreshments more than 100 years
hence sentiments continues to tantalize
persons of discerning tastes across the
continents surf Entenmann's is brewed in
the UK so I guess that's why you have
divided it specialty stores yeah and
these costs on average like 10 bucks
after taxes yeah the curiosity colon was
less expensive than the dandelion and
burdock yeah now this know if you want
to get yeah i'll switch now cuz it says
it in a different language that is not
one we can read if you want to read the
front i think it talks a little bit
about the brewing process okay let's see
you can pick it up okay it's a little
happy 400 good in the early 1900's
bentham ins began at seven day brewing
and fermentation process creating its
time-honored recipe for success honored
has you you know this is from the UK
today we continue this tradition by
using only the finest ingredients
full-strength infusions of dandelion
leaves and verdict roots sweetened with
pear juice and spiced with the touch of
ginger and a nice so that's about this
drink I really like the flavor of a nice
and ginger so I'm really excited about
that oh so there's different stuff
excuse me today we continue this
tradition by offering the system of the
curiosity Colossus today we continue
this tradition about offering a
stimulating recipe of herbal ingredients
recreating an apothecary's cola of
yesteryear that is both full bali bali
did bodied and curiously invigorating
enjoy you know I didn't mess up a single
one of those five-dollar words that were
on the side and yeah I do bodied wrong
um so i really i just want to point out
i really like the logo it's a happy dog
it's a popper now the bottles themselves
are actually really cool and if you'll
notice that this one over here the
dandelion one is actually purple yeah
it's a purple drink um so they're pretty
cool okay let's see what let's let's
compare nutrition facts alright so I
have the curiosity colon you have the
data by one alright so calories and this
one is 130 calories is 1 30 0 and the
serving size is one bottle Sam yeah 0%
total fat same 25% milligram are 25
milligrams of sodium this one has 15
milligrams of sodium Oh total
carbohydrates it says 32 grams which is
ten percent this one's 31 grams but it's
still ten percent 32 grams of sugar 30
grams of sugar ah 0 protein 1 gram of
protein oh and two percent of iron nope
knowing Wow doesn't say anything else
nope well okay um and yet when you look
at the ingredients list it I mean it
lists like almost pretty much all
natural stuff I guess carbonated water
ginger root cane sugar Cola flavor
caramel color phosphoric acid caffeine
yeah the only thing on here that isn't
like natural is glucose syrup yeah and
then the Cola flavor and caramel color I
don't think that you can pull out the
plan not that it matters um anyway drink
as much unhealthier things I mean we
should try the cola first okay let's try
that whole affair right so it is a
twist-off cap yes I'm really glad about
that because I did forget a bottle cap
as well and apparently
really under prepared for the bottle
opener bottle opener not the cap we have
the cap and that's the problem okay so
uh made it really nice noise says
nothing on the cap ok let's do smell no
ooh it smells Cola e but a bunch of
spices it smells exactly the way a
haribo coalesce taste oh yeah the little
gummies now if you ever smelled a bag of
haribo Cola gummies it smells terrible
yeah it smells kind of like a like a
rubbery snow just it doesn't it doesn't
smell great uh but this smells exactly
the way they taste and I am instantly
excited for this all right so Cheers oh
that aftertaste there's a strong
aftertaste so the initial taste
definitely does taste like those gummies
and then there's some crazy spice yeah
it just say it like ginger I do taste a
lot of the ginger it's definitely the
ginger uh now there's another fancy
shmancy soda out there on the market
that Pepsi did the 17 whatever 1809 it's
got a year on it it looks fancy it costs
a dollar a bottle and that one has a
cola nut oh yeah and you can taste the
Kola nut in that one this one is that
ginger yeah it does that ginger root
which it seems like they're ginger beer
is what they're known for yeah um early
throws the first one it's very good I
really like it if you're expecting like
a cola like coca-cola or maybe even like
a sort of just like a generic Cola it
doesn't taste like that it's very spicy
[Music]
it really does taste like oh man that
smells terrible it really does taste
like those gummies it does those haribo
gummies this is liquid haribo gummy
uh-huh has my approval now out of 10
possible bottles of deliciousness how
many bottles would you give this 0 to 10
I think they'll give it
seven bowls I would give it a seven as
well now why are you subtracting points
may ask I'm subtracting points because
I'm thinking of this like I wouldn't
drink this all the time you know like
this is like a special occasion drink so
you're taking points off for that yeah I
actually am taking points off for it
because I was hoping it could be like
knocking everyday sort of drink but like
a regular and and it is sort of like
spicy so I'm worried if I drink it with
something it would overpower whatever
else I'm having with it ah I feel like
there's something hidden behind the
label but I completely ripped mine it
says here on the side is bumpy I don't
know if you can see that but it says
like it says brewed botanically and it
feels like there's something behind the
label but I just I just can't get to it
that's fine right gotta do some
palate-cleansing here I guess we forgot
water just just wish your spit around
just wish your spin around all right
give us like two seconds we're gonna
switch our spin her okay we're back to
be fair for any of you I don't know
people who don't agree with us our
critics friend of you critics out there
I don't know what word I was looking for
weasel did get water I did get one right
we were fair look I'm look I'm even
tasty crisp clean out of the pur filter
water my palate is cleanse its cleanses
it'll ever be now while weasels out
getting the water I looked up a little
bit about their process it's like a
six-stage process that involves four men
teen and and just ginger all over the
place being rounded up it's really cool
highly recommend the website it looks
like they even have a video that you can
watch but to say that is made in Great
Britain everything's all old timing i
love it yeah and then they're
established 1905 so they have only
recently turned 100 yeah just rio 2016
whoa yeah i mean in the grand scheme of
things they're two hundred and
11 years old which is I mean that's not
too long probably you know and that
skill or whatever so let's move on to
this really interesting drink that I
have no expectations for yeah just
dandelion and burdock fermented
botanical dandelion and burdock I don't
even know what burdock is I have no idea
I guess we'll find out with ginger
extract yeah so um I mean it's gonna
taste like a flower I don't know I know
that people make a dandelion tea all
rights gonna say it's dead oh man I can
smell that from here how's my sweet
dandelion salad Oh Nancy I cannot get
this yeah well switch you take mine ah
thanks oh it smells really sweet it
smells really sweet I'll they're like to
be honest it smells a little bit like
great feeling it does a little now I'm
getting like medicine smell ya okay I
don't want to say it it smells a little
medicinal like that cost grape cough
syrup that you get whenever your kid
yeah it's also got a little bit of a
jolly rancher like a great yes
definitely got like a grape sent to it
grape jolly rancher you don't get tense
of grape John sure I really hope there's
no like professional artesian like soda
drinkers that are looking at this video
hoping and hoping to get like some sort
of expert opinion you know I feel like
we're that episode of Parks and Rec
where they're drinking the wine and
april's like noon this has like a hint
of dog and maybe a turtle or whatever
yeah it's like mmm creepy um so we got
it we got it clean I'm sorry I'm on
wasn't it cool it all right let's do it
down the hatch
nope oh oh oh yeah um oh my goodness
gracious what was that that was a
terrible mm-hmm my eyes are watering
guys uh okay um I'm pretty sure we just
drank medicine don't ever drink this ah
yeah I'm taking more of the cola so I
can wash it though um I definitely
tastes like someone pulled a weed out of
the ground you know kind of rubbed it
between their disgusting filthy hands
and mixed it with maybe some like water
that's had like copper rusting in it and
then just for good measure had a donkey
spit it no I mean really mean against
this drink I'm pretty sure this fits
someone's palate know it okay it just
tastes like great medicine it just
tastes earthy and medicinal yeah and I
want to know what Britta is what I'm
thinking is that this drink is maybe
meant to be mixed in with something did
you take another sip I tried I tried I
can't um I'm thinking that this is
supposed to be mixed with something
maybe like like a gin and tonic sort of
deal me I I don't know I wouldn't I'm
not even gonna try to pretend that I
know anything about alcohol but this is
the one you were excited for I mean it's
purple that sense what might be really
I'm gonna I'm gonna try to drink this
like like I'm like I'm chugging it or
whatever I really want to try to capture
more of the flavors than just the
disgusting description i gave like two
minutes ago okay all right here right
I've eaten crickets before
oh that aftertaste it's just that app
okay I feel like I'm drinking wine oh
yeah where it gives you that dry mouth
yes have you ever had mulled wine before
which is warmed up wine the only one
I've ever had in my life was at a hotel
yeah it tastes like warmed up one it
definitely tastes fermented like
something has been you know what what I
was talking about like the copper rust
and all that this definitely tastes like
it's been fermented if someone gave this
to me at a fancy people's party there
like a prof drink this while we talk
about money I would be able to drink it
I don't know if I'd be able to hide my
face but if weasel was with me she would
definitely be like all over the place I
would I i cannot i tried so look out of
10 but the delicious bottles uh what
would you give this I'm gonna give it I
can i give this you can give it a zero
i'm gonna give it a girl i give it okay
nope listen to you I mean I could you
guys saw that I couldn't drink um I give
it a one because I could swallow it but
oh okay and I'm just like delicate or is
my tummy really like is your tummy
turning my tummy is not journey okay so
I'm just something about this does not
agree with me weasel taste buds are far
more superior than mine are and you're
just probably feasting whatever the heck
of burdock is do you guys know what
Veronica is put in the comments um maybe
it's this fermented dandelion I you know
I think there comes a point in science
when you have to ask yourself why and I
think this is one of those times I mean
they're supposed to be pear juice
dandelion infusion which has ethanol
there's ethanol in this is that like
gasoline look I don't know if
if I can show you guys this it's really
in love with weasels face right now
here's just a little bit bigger Yeah
right hey really get that thing here in
there love antha not yeah there's
ethanol in here did I just put gasoline
in my body it comes out twice with the
burdock infusion too apparently burdock
is Bernick root so it's some sort of a
root I don't know I don't know I changed
my rating to 12 gasoline cans that is
how delicious this is if you are an
individual who loves gasoline and
drinking 12 cans of it 12 jerry cans
this might be the drink for you in all
honesty if you like this that's cool we
just don't so please don't invite us
over to a party where you are serving
this yeah I i will probably stuff this
towards the backward fridge maybe it
jeenu me she was trying to spare us I
gave her such a hard time too well I
think we have to go apologize to her
she's the one that was hurt the most not
our taste buds let's go do that I want
to thank you all for watching hope you
stick around for the next one and
wherever you are I hope you have a good
night good morning or good afternoon bye
everyone